
1. Am J Physiol. 1982 Aug;243(2):E123-31.

Disposal of alpha-ketoisocaproate: roles of liver, gut, and kidneys.

Abumrad NN, Wise KL, Williams PE, Abumrad NA, Lacy WW.

The alpha-keto analogues of the branched-chain amino acids, and particularly that
of leucine, alpha-ketoisocaproate (KIC), have been found to reduce urea synthesis
and as a result have been proposed for the treatment of uremia and portal
systemic encephalopathy. Because little is known about the fate of these keto
acids in the intact animal, we examined the disposal of a KIC load in five
conscious overnight-fasted dogs with catheters previously implanted in an artery,
and in the portal, hepatic, and renal veins. During the absorptive period (54 +/-
9 min; range, 20-75 min), 62 +/- 5% of the administered load (6,358 +/- 662
mumol) of the keto acid was absorbed as KIC and 23 +/- 3% was transaminated
across the gut and entered as leucine. The hepatic uptake of KIC was equivalent
to 35 +/- 5% (2.316 +/- 419 mumol) of the administered load, and of that,
one-third was transaminated to leucine and two-thirds were converted to ketone
bodies. The splanchnic output of KIC amounted to 1,732 +/- 256 mumol of 27 +/- 2%
of the administered load, half of which was transaminated across the kidneys to
leucine. As a result, the amount of KIC reaching the extrahepatic extrarenal
tissues as KIC carbon amounted to 15% of the load administered. We conclude that 
the majority of an intragastrically administered KIC load reaches the
(extrarenal) peripheral tissues in the form of leucine or ketone bodies. The
study also underscores the importance of the "gut," the kidneys, and the liver in
metabolism of the absorbed KIC load.

DOI: 10.1152/ajpendo.1982.243.2.E123 
PMID: 7051844  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Psyche (Stuttg). 1982 Jul;36(7):630-61.

[Literature as life help. The example of Thomas Mann].

[Article in German]

Scherg C.


PMID: 7051192  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Nutr Rev. 1982 Mar;40(3):74-6.

Hair zinc in normal populations.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1111/j.1753-4887.1982.tb05270.x 
PMID: 7050772  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Med Secoli. 1981 Jan-Apr;18(1):79-87.

On the centenary of Laveran's discovery.

Beauperthuy de Benedetti R.


PMID: 7050594  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Laryngol Rhinol Otol (Stuttg). 1982 Jul;61(7):350-3.

[Our experience with the surgery of the auricle II. Surgery of the macrotia and
the cup ear (author's transl)].

[Article in German]

Weerda H.


PMID: 7050571  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Nihon Hifuka Gakkai Zasshi. 1982 Mar;92(4):503-13.

[Systemic effects of topically applied hydrocortisone 17-butyrate 21-propionate
ointment--comparative studies with betamethasone 17-valerate and hydrocortisone
17-butyrate ointment (author's transl)].

[Article in Japanese]

Takeda K.


PMID: 7050471  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. J Med Assoc Thai. 1982 Apr;65(4):213-23.

Structure and function of immunoglobulins in reproductive tracts.

Sirisinha S.


PMID: 7050278  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. J Med Assoc Thai. 1982 Apr;65(4):176-83.

Immunofluorescent autoantibodies in thyroid diseases.

Vichayanrat A, Yongchaiyud U, Ploybutr S, Vannasaeng S, Inthuprapa M, Tandhanand 
S.


PMID: 7050276  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 1981 Jun;67(6):485-94.

A simplified in vitro assay of delayed hypersensitivity in diagnosis of
dermatomycoses.

Hunjan BS, Silverman IH, Curlovic KM, Osuamkpe CO, Melvin JR Jr, Cronholm LS.

A tissue culture technique for detection of cellular hypersensitivity in an
animal model of dermatomycoses is presented. It is based on specific inhibition
of migration of leukocytes sensitized to dermatophytic antigens. The application 
and specificity of this new immunological technique were studied in guinea pigs
infected with Trichophyton rubrum, Microsporum vanbreuseghemii, and
Epidermophyton floccosum. In all the infected animals, sensitivity to
trichophytin was demonstrated to be independent of the clinical disease phase.
The in vivo skin-test reactions were common to those of the group of
dermatophytes and did not distinguish between the different species. A
statistical difference was observed in the leukocyte migration indices of
sensitized cells to the homologous and the heterologous antigens of these
pathogens (p less than 0.05, Student's test). It is concluded that the leukocyte 
migration inhibition assay provides a specific expression of cellular
hypersensitivity and may be considered suitable for investigation of cellular
immunity in vitro in clinical diagnosis or research. This is a simple, rapid, and
inexpensive technique that requires small volumes of peripheral blood.

DOI: 10.1016/0091-6749(81)90103-2 
PMID: 7050213  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. J Dermatol. 1982 Apr;9(2):145-8.

Reiter's disease.

Sehgal VN, Koranne RV, Basumatary RK, Vishwakarma GK, Singh AK, Raj GA.

DOI: 10.1111/j.1346-8138.1982.tb02616.x 
PMID: 7050204  [Indexed for MEDLINE]

